docs(guides): add section to use QS and RS as links (#449)
algolia/autocomplete: packages/website/docs/adding-recent-searches.md

  openOnFocus={true}
/>

> ## Transforming recent searches

Reviewer: Readers might not realize why they would want to "transform" recent searches, but they could want to customize them.

```suggestion
## Customizing recent searches
```

> If you use Autocomplete as an entry point to a search page, you can turn recent searches into links:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The [`createLocalStorageRecentSearchesPlugin`](createlocalstoragerecentsearchesplugin) creates a functional plugin out of the box. You may want to customize some aspects of it, depending on your use case. To change [`templates`](templates) or other [source](sources) configuration options, you can use [`transformSource`](createrecentsearchesplugin/#transformsource). The function includes the original `source`, which you should return along with any options you want to add or overwrite.

For example, if you use Autocomplete as an entry point to a search results page, you can turn recent searches into links by modifying [`getItemUrl`](sources/#getitemurl) and the [`item`](templates#item) template.
```

```js
const recentSearchesPlugin = createLocalStorageRecentSearchesPlugin({
  // ...
  transformSource({ source }) {
    return {
      ...source,
      getItemUrl({ item }) {
        return `/search?q=${item.query}`;
      },
      templates: {
        item(params) {
          const { item } = params;
          return (
            <a className="aa-ItemLink" href={`/search?q=${item.query}`}>
              {source.templates.item(params)}
            </a>
          );
        },
      },
    };
  },
});
```

> If you use Autocomplete on your instant search page, you can plug some logic with `onSelect`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use Autocomplete on an [Instant Search](https://www.algolia.com/doc/guides/building-search-ui/what-is-instantsearch/js/) page, you can modify the Instant Search query state when a user selects an autocomplete item with [`onSelect`](sources/#onselect):
```

Author: I wanted to avoid mentioning InstantSearch specifically. This might be better, wdyt?

```suggestion
If you use Autocomplete on the same page as your main search and want to avoid reloading the full page when an item is selected, you can modify your search query state when a user selects an item with [`onSelect`](sources/#onselect):
```

Reviewer: Got it. This looks good!

Reviewer: https://github.com/algolia/autocomplete/pull/449/commits/420629b85f8eb215d5a811810743b0d8213ed881
